[MUSIC]
>> Scott Moss: So let's do a little
bit of digging around with Node.
So, I just showed you how to run Node
in the context of a your terminal.
But you can also run Node against a file.
So, I mean,
who wants to write Node in here?
Nobody wants to do that.
You can't even test it.
So you probably, you want to write
some JavaScript to the file, and
then execute it with Node.
So the way you would do that is,
and I'll just make a file,
you don't have to follow along, you guys
are gonna start digging in a little bit.
>> Scott Moss: So if we had a file,
I was gonna call it test.js.
And I do some,
I'll just do a console.log here.
>> Scott Moss: To execute this file,
all I have to do is go into the terminal,
type in Node, and
then the path to that file, which is test.
I don't have to put test.js.
I can just put test and it'll execute it.
So there it is, the console.log, hey.
It executed it, and then it exited it.
All right?
So, it's not running continuously.
All right.
So, anything that I do in here,
it'll work.
So, as you can see, the console
just prints out to the terminal.
Pretty much the same way
it would in the window.
There are some differences, but just to
show you that this is real JavaScript.
That's executing it.
So that's how you would
run Node against a file.
>> Scott Moss: Any questions on that?
>> Speaker 2: Can you make
the text bigger, they're asking?
>> Scott Moss: Here, or the, here?
>> Speaker 2: In your editor.
They're asking-
>> Scott Moss: My editor.
Sorry.
Yeah, I must have minimized it last night.
Yeah.
There we go.
>> Speaker 2: Did you
get the question on the,
he's seen some people use
exports=module.exports.
>> Scott Moss: Yeah.
>> Speaker 2: What does that mean?
>> Scott Moss: Yeah,so, that's like
a way to safeguard yourself from not
doing a module.exports and then doing
a exports somewhere else in the file.
So by doing exports equals module.exports.
That's, I'm just gonna
keep everything safe.
So I'm still only gonna be
able to export one thing, and
then I'm guaranteed that some
time in the future I don't
come down here and
say exports.other equals a value.
And then, that will never get exported
because we had a module.exports.
So it's just a way of
keeping yourself safe.
You don't have to do it.
But there are a lot of
patterns as far as exporting.
I'll show you some of the other patterns.
But that's a pretty standard pattern.
You see that a lot.
>> Scott Moss: But it's just a way of
making sure you don't try to export
something later after you module.export.
And not have it be able to be
required in another file and
have some unexpected side effects.